I would like to create a sophisticated software system (let’s call it cyber-team) that would essentially be a digital-AI team for my startup. It should include every role that is needed for successful company running including a project manager, legal advisor, accountant, public relations manager, operations manager etc. – those should be defined by the nature of the project. Those AI-agents should be proactive, interactive and work cooperatively as a single until company. The idea is that most of the processes that are running in the company are digital. And for some companies all of their workflows are digital. Therefore, the execution, monitoring and management of those processes could be done digitally, which means that AI agents can do it very well. They just need the access for the files and tools to deal with those files and proper orchestration between the entities (AI-agents) of the company. So, it is very possible to create such a system and run such a company. Keep in mind that there has to be literally all the possible roles considered to exist for our ai-agents serving as company specialists. That has to be studied and created the most needed ones. For example, there has to be the agent which would call to client’s and be able to connect to them by SMS or mobile phone numbers or messengers. (Yes, we can provide a mobile phone number to facilitate the IP-telephony or something like that.) And so on. And the important part is that the roles and the ai-agents for those roles should be invoked in the initial stage of the digital team setting up based on the company details (an ai-agent who works as a company builderr should do that). But if during the company operation it appears that there is the need for a role that does not exist, the system should be able to create such a new role and the skills and the tools correspondingly. So, the system would be adaptive and flexible, so it won’t appear in the situation, when there is a problem in the business operation. There also has to be an agent which would monitor, guide and orchestrate their work and make sure that no mistakes are made. Of course, one of the important parts is the memory engine – the LLM based tools are known for the short memory, so there has to be a system that provides a proper consistent memory for the ai agents, so they won’t forget anything. By the way, it is a tricky part, so the way they interact with the memory system should be addressed very carefully, so their functioning would essentially be the same as if they have infinite memory and act like they know everything, but in reality of course they would just be complemented by the robots system of calls to the memory pool based on the tasks and the processes etc. So, this aspect has to be addressed with a great care and elaboration. Also, of course, there has to be a monitoring system that a human owner would be able to use and see everything what’s happening in the company and individual agents. There should be a way to interact with all of hem including the main one (maybe, via chat?) and give them instructions if needed, see the system memory, monitor the workflows and decision processes including the one that is in a human-friendly view and so on and so forth. So, I would like to ask you to make a deep internet research on this topic and find the best existing solutions – those should be open-source or free to use – and combine them by taking the best parts of them and enhancing them by each other with the most optimal and efficient architecture. Get inspired by their architectures too, but create the one that is better than the existing ones and not having their flaws and so on. Make sure that you don’t stop searching until you find everything that exists on that topic. Do not stop working just because you already did to much or because it takes too much time, instead of that, keep working hard. Ask me questions if something is not clear. 
For the system itself, I would like it be deployed as a docker container, so it is isolated from the base environment. After the docker is up there should be some sufficient but not too much of logs shown in the same terminal window – and by the way, it should be always run in a separate screen session (currently, it is screen -r cyber-team)

After you make your own research, you should take a look at the additional researches that I’ve made with gpt5.5 and perplexity tools. You can find those files as “gpt” and “perplexity” in the same folder as this file.